two years ago James checked out version
one of the goie AI sync box well they're
back again sponsoring this video for us
to check out Gen 2 they make one that's
compatible with their TV as well but
we're going to check out the PC
one we're the AI sync box actually takes
your HDMI input from your
devices and then has an output to your
TV and using that signal it can use its
AI calculations to actually project
lights onto your wall so you can get a
more immersive experience but let's see
what it comes with here paper quick
start guide which is more paper oh this
is the sync box itself oh wow it's got
four HDMI inputs and one out that's
actually one more than last year's model
and these HDMI inputs are actually 2.1
as well meaning you can go all the way
up to 8K 60 which you probably won't do
cuz you don't have an 8K TV but that
means you can do 4K 144 which is
fantastic for gaming and 1440p at 240
it's got everything and then it's also
got two outputs here in type c and
that's for connecting the lights that
actually come with this kit here the
last connector is just the power on the
back here and then RGB strip all along
because this sits on your desk in front
of you while you're gaming and it can do
RGB diffusion as well and these are the
two goie light bars here they each sit
on either side of your monitor with the
LEDs facing the wall away from where
you're sitting so they can diffuse on
the wall here and they connect with your
type-c to those ports we talked about
earlier got some nice sleeved HDMI
cables for two of them I guess one going
in from whatever console or PC and then
back to your monitor in this box here we
have the RGB icw LED strip which now
featur features 75 LEDs per meter
instead of 60 it's all rolled up nicely
for you with a 3M sticky on the back for
you to be able to stick it to your
monitor 15 more LEDs might not sound
like a lot but it really does help with
more color contrast and more variety in
your color diffusion oh these are the
stands I thought this was actually just
the goie logo itself there's one power
cable there that's the barrel end Jack
comes with a little screwdriver what are
we screwing 3M sticky pads this is for
the light strips for sticking behind
your monitor on your TV your TV cabinet
whatever that's a very big bag for six
screws these towers are also RGB icw
meaning they added a white LED over last
year which helps with brightness color
accuracy diffusion again overall these
RGB lights are better than last year's
we're going to go install our RGB strip
on the back of our monitor really quick
where did I put the me clips oh there
they are looks like we have some clips
left over from our last video that
might make this very easy to mount then
installation's overall pretty easy you
just need to peel the 3M off this but
you want to also make sure you use the
included alcohol pads to wipe down
wherever you're going to be sticking it
in our case around the clip area along
the sides here they have actually short
sides on the LED which go on the short
side of your monitor and then the long
side so it actually is kind of hard to
mess it up this Kit's compatible with
the 27 to 34in gaming monitors and then
the TV one ranges from 55 all the way up
to 85 depending on which kit you buy
using some of the clips to hold the
corners down just so they're out of the
way but it was pretty quick install
overall we unfortunately have this open
cap in R monitor which caused it to kind
of do this W motion it still sticks very
well it's going to be totally fine once
we actually get the LEDs on have to swap
out our display port cable for the
included HDMI ones this one goes from
our GPU into the Inn on the goie box
which again this features four HDMI ins
so you could use it as an HDMI switcher
which is pretty cool it's not even
advertised for that but hey why not the
USB from the strips here going into this
output and then the HDMI from the
monitor is going into the HDMI
output and then our towers are already
plugged in as well are they labeled left
and right they're labeled G for go
wherever the hell you want a there we go
okay so the two buttons on the side here
this back one is for power this one is
the toggle between the four HDMI ports
and when you're toggling each section
kind of lights up to let you know which
one you're in so 1 2 3 or four took a
little bit to figure that out but we're
here with our computer connected let's
see if we can actually test the colors
here oh wow without even fully setting
up the yet you can see the light Trail
going all the way down it's pretty cool
I think later in this video there's
color wheel too W that's not the coolest
feature though it boasts a feature
called cogn glow as well which is an AI
tool that can read whatever game you're
playing and give you led effects based
on what you're doing which we're going
to check out but an example is if you're
healing an apex it actually like charges
your health bar it's pretty cool let's
go let's play a game so just walking
around the map you can see changes based
on whatever object we have so we have
kind of a more yellowy Brown object and
the light even changes going out to the
daylight it's pretty cool but let's test
like a flashbang let's see if it just
blinds us
here I definitely turned that one to
bright white we haven't even adjusted
the settings in the app yet so I don't
know if this is Max brightness or not
but maybe on Max brightness it'll
actually like flashbang you which would
be kind of funny it does give a feeling
like you're entering indoors just
because it's so bright from the outside
and then as you walk in everything kind
of just dims around you and the good
news is if you already have some
lights set up you could actually pair it
with this box already using their AI
dream view which allows you to maybe
sync all of them together increasing
your Ambience the environment around you
as you walk in it all dims or flashbang
yourself we didn't pair this led just
because we wanted to test the kit that
it comes with and it's already pretty
good even on this blue wall which is
probably like the worst case scenario so
our brightness was actually at 100%
which is fine but you can also adjust
relative brightness so you could just
have the bars go brighter than the
backlight or vice versa but there's a
saturation slide here I'm going to crank
that up to 100% is it different okay in
in person it's very
subtle oh wow that's way more noticeable
when it's already very dark and then you
flashbang that's pretty cool I could
imagine like having a full room of this
it' be pretty funny if somehow like
you're playing a game and actually just
go blind there's one effect I think in
League where you get like a double kill
and then a triple kill and even a Penta
kill the lights will change I'm not that
good to test that one but it's those
kind of features that the AI box really
shines through for in-game events to
help increase your immersion some other
Mis stuff it's compatible with smart
home features with matter support vrr as
well as autol low latency mode and
overall I think it does really help to
the immersion of whatever you're either
watching or you're playing for $280 the
PC kit including the two lamps the LED
strips the 4-in-1 HDMI box which doubles
as an HDMI splitter it's a pretty
compelling offer to help increase your
immersion in your game or your movies
and the TV kit actually starts at 240 so
if you just want to increase your movie
watching or your couch console games I
think it's kind of a fine offer to have
and it looks sleek too but let us know
what you guys think down below thanks
again for sponsoring this video
maybe go check out the first version
that James did almost two years ago so
that way you can see some of the
differences